extensions/com.steadybit.extension_splunk/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction to the Splunk Extension
The Steadybit Splunk Extension bridges the world of Steadybit and Splunk.
The extension adds checks to your Chaos Engineering experiments to validate Splunk Detector / SLO state and reports events of your experiments to Splunk [as custom events to ease correlation](https://docs.splunk.com/observability/en/metrics-and-metadata/view-data-events.html#custom-events).

# Integration and Functionality
Integration of Splunk into Steadybit works via the Splunk Observability Cloud API.
Thus, all you need is a Splunk's [Access Token](https://docs.splunk.com/observability/en/admin/authentication/authentication-tokens/tokens.html) with api and ingest permissions.

## Integration of Splunk in Steadybit
With the [Detector Check](/action/com.steadybit.extension_splunk.detector.check) and [SLO Check](/action/com.steadybit.extension_splunk.slo.check) you can integrate your Splunk detectors/SLOs into your experiments.
Verify that the Splunk Detector or SLO notice a fault injected by Steadybit to check that your observability strategy is working as expected.

## Integration of Steadybit in Splunk
The extension automatically reports experiment executions to Splunk Observability Cloud, which helps you to correlate experiments with your dashboards.

# Installation and Setup
To integrate the Splunk extension with your environment, follow our [setup guide](https://github.com/steadybit/extension-splunk#installation).

Commit message:

feat: Added link to Splunk dashboard

extensions/com.steadybit.extension_splunk/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction to the Splunk Extension
The Steadybit Splunk Extension bridges the world of Steadybit and Splunk.
The extension adds checks to your Chaos Engineering experiments to validate Splunk Detector / SLO state and reports events of your experiments to Splunk [as custom events to ease correlation](https://docs.splunk.com/observability/en/metrics-and-metadata/view-data-events.html#custom-events).

# Integration and Functionality
Integration of Splunk into Steadybit works via the Splunk Observability Cloud API.
Thus, all you need is a Splunk's [Access Token](https://docs.splunk.com/observability/en/admin/authentication/authentication-tokens/tokens.html) with api and ingest permissions.

## Integration of Splunk in Steadybit
With the [Detector Check](/action/com.steadybit.extension_splunk.detector.check) and [SLO Check](/action/com.steadybit.extension_splunk.slo.check) you can integrate your Splunk detectors/SLOs into your experiments.
Verify that the Splunk Detector or SLO notice a fault injected by Steadybit to check that your observability strategy is working as expected.

## Integration of Steadybit in Splunk
The extension automatically reports experiment executions to Splunk Observability Cloud, which helps you to correlate experiments with your dashboards.
Furthermore, you can [get a dashboard](https://github.com/steadybit/extension-splunk/tree/main/dashboard) to see amount of experiment executions in your Dynatrace environment.

# Installation and Setup
To integrate the Splunk extension with your environment, follow our [setup guide](https://github.com/steadybit/extension-splunk#installation).
