actions/com.steadybit.extension_aws.lambda.latency/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction

This action leverages [steadybit/failure-lambda](https://github.com/steadybit/failure-lambda) and the AWS Systems Manager API to inject latency into an AWS Lambda.

# Use Cases

- Understand how other (e.g. upstream services, monitoring) behaves when the lambda is answering to slow.

# Prerequisites

The AWS Lambda Function to attack must [be wrapped with the failure-lambda library](https://github.com/steadybit/failure-lambda#how-to-install-with-parameter-in-ssm-parameter-store).

# Parameters

| Parameter       | Description                                                                       | Default |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Duration        | The duration of the attack.                                                       | 30s     |
| Rate            | The rate of invocations to affect. (100 = all request, 50 = half of all requests) | 100%    |
| Minimum Latency | Minimum latency to inject.                                                        | 500ms   |
| Maximum Latency | Maximum latency to inject.                                                        | 500ms   |

Commit message:

docs: added note about parallel lambda failure injections not supported

actions/com.steadybit.extension_aws.lambda.latency/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction

This action leverages [steadybit/failure-lambda](https://github.com/steadybit/failure-lambda) and the AWS Systems Manager API to inject latency into an AWS Lambda.

# Use Cases

- Understand how other (e.g. upstream services, monitoring) behaves when the lambda is answering to slow.

# Prerequisites

The AWS Lambda Function to attack must [be wrapped with the failure-lambda library](https://github.com/steadybit/failure-lambda#how-to-install-with-parameter-in-ssm-parameter-store).

Please note that multiple parallel failure injections on the same lambda function are not supported.

# Parameters

| Parameter       | Description                                                                       | Default |
| --------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| Duration        | The duration of the attack.                                                       | 30s     |
| Rate            | The rate of invocations to affect. (100 = all request, 50 = half of all requests) | 100%    |
| Minimum Latency | Minimum latency to inject.                                                        | 500ms   |
| Maximum Latency | Maximum latency to inject.                                                        | 500ms   |
