actions/com.steadybit.extension_instana.event_check/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction

When executing chaos experiments, you may want to check if events in Instana are popping up. Or the opposite.

The problem check step can be dragged&dropped into the experiment editor.
Once done, you can use it to collect information about the state of the Instana events and, optionally, to verify that they are within the expected condition.

Experiments can be aborted and marked as failed when the Events check's actual state diverges from the expected state.
This helps to implement pre-/post-conditions and invariants.
For example, to only start an experiment when the system is healthy.

# Use Cases

 - Pre-/postcondition or invariant for any experiment.
 - Verify that events are triggered during incidents.

# Parameters

| Parameter             | Description                                                                    | Default                      |
| ----------------------| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------- |
| Duration              | How long should steadybit check for events  ?                                  | 30s                          |
| Condition             | If you pick a condition, the experiment will fail if the condition is not met. | No check, only show problems |
| Condition Check Mode  | How often should the status be expected. "At least once" or "All the time"     | "All the time"               |
| Event Type Filter     | Which events should be reported                                                | "INCIDENT", "ISSUE"          |
| Event Severity Filter | Which severity should be reported                                              | "Warning"                    |

Commit message:

feat: updated instana event check

actions/com.steadybit.extension_instana.event_check/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction

When executing chaos experiments, you may want to check if events in Instana are popping up. Or the opposite.

The event check step can be dragged&dropped into the experiment editor. The action needs one or more Instana application perspectives to be selected as targets.
Once done, you can use it to collect information about the state of the Instana events and, optionally, to verify that they are within the expected condition.

Experiments can be aborted and marked as failed when the Events check's actual state diverges from the expected state.
This helps to implement pre-/post-conditions and invariants.
For example, to only start an experiment when the system is healthy.

# Use Cases

 - Pre-/postcondition or invariant for any experiment.
 - Verify that events are triggered during incidents.

# Parameters

| Parameter             | Description                                                                    | Default                    |
| ----------------------| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | -------------------------- |
| Duration              | How long should steadybit check for events  ?                                  | 30s                        |
| Condition             | If you pick a condition, the experiment will fail if the condition is not met. | No check, only show events |
| Condition Check Mode  | How often should the status be expected. "At least once" or "All the time"     | "All the time"             |
| Event Type Filter     | Which events should be reported                                                | "INCIDENT", "ISSUE"        |
| Event Severity Filter | Which severity should be reported                                              | "Warning"                  |
