actions/com.steadybit.extension_host.network_package_corruption/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction

Inject corrupt packets by introducing single bit error at a random offset into egress network traffic.

# Prerequisites

If you are not using our container images for the extension, you need install the `tc` (from the iproute2 package) tool to use the attack.


# Use Cases

* Testing network resilience to bit errors

# Parameters

| Parameter          | Description                                                               | Default |
|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| Package Corruption | How much traffic should be corrupted?                                     | 15%     |
| Duration           | How much of the traffic should be corrupted??                             | 30s     |
| Hostname           | Restrict to which hosts the traffic is corrupted?                         |         |
| IP Address         | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is corrupted                     |         |
| Port Number        | Restrict to which port number the traffic is corrupted                    |         |
| Network Interface  | Target Network Interface which should be attacked. All if none specified. |         |

Commit message:

feat: add affected protocols to network attack descriptions

actions/com.steadybit.extension_host.network_package_corruption/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction

Inject corrupt packets by introducing single bit error at a random offset into egress network traffic.

# Prerequisites

If you are not using our container images for the extension, you need install the `tc` (from the iproute2 package) tool to use the attack.

# Restrictions

This attack affects network traffic for protocols that use port numbers (e.g., TCP, UDP). Protocols like ICMP, which do not use ports, remain unaffected and will continue to function normally.

# Use Cases

* Testing network resilience to bit errors

# Parameters

| Parameter          | Description                                                               | Default |
|--------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| Package Corruption | How much traffic should be corrupted?                                     | 15%     |
| Duration           | How much of the traffic should be corrupted??                             | 30s     |
| Hostname           | Restrict to which hosts the traffic is corrupted?                         |         |
| IP Address         | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is corrupted                     |         |
| Port Number        | Restrict to which port number the traffic is corrupted                    |         |
| Network Interface  | Target Network Interface which should be attacked. All if none specified. |         |
