actions/com.github.steadybit.extension_container.stress_io/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction

Generate read/write operation on hard disks.

# Usage
The resources on a host are shared between containers.
Running a resource attack for a container is executed in the containers cgroup, but affects the host's resources and all containers running on it.

# Use Cases

    * Stress test the container resources

# Parameters

| Parameter             | Description                                                                                  | Default |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| Duration              | How long should IO be consumed?                                                              | 30s     |
| Workers               | How many workers should continually write, read and remove temporary files? (0 = 1 per core) | 1       |
| Path                  | Path where the IO should be inflicted                                                        | /       |
| Disk Usage Percentage | Percentage of available disk space to use                                                    | 50%     |

Commit message:

feat: update container stress-io attack with new mode parameter

actions/com.github.steadybit.extension_container.stress_io/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction

Generate read/write sync operation on disks.

# Usage
The resources on a host are shared between containers.
Running a resource attack for a container is executed in the containers cgroup, but affects the host's resources and all containers running on it.

# Use Cases

    * Stress test the container resources

# Parameters

| Parameter             | Description                                                                                                                                                                 | Default              |
|-----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------|
| Mode                  | Define the operational mode. The attack can stress io either by just flushing disk caches calling `sync()` and/or continually reading and writings temporary files to disk. | read_write_and_flush |
| Duration              | How long should IO be consumed?                                                                                                                                             | 30s                  |
| Workers               | How many workers should continually write, read and remove temporary files? (0 = 1 per core)                                                                                | 1                    |
| Path                  | Path where the IO should be inflicted                                                                                                                                       | /                    |
| Disk Usage Percentage | Percentage of available disk space to use                                                                                                                                   | 50%                  |
