actions/com.steadybit.extension_container.network_delay/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction

Inject latency into all matching egress traffic.

# Details

The network delay operates at the ip level and affects single packets (network layer, level 3). Thus, it works for UDP and TCP traffic, and you may encounter HTTP requests that are delayed by a multiple of the specified delay.

In this example the traffic is delayed by 500ms. If you tap the wire (using tcpdump) and feed it into Wireshark it looks like shown in the image above.

1. The first incoming packet initiates the tcp connection and is accepted by the second packet, which is delayed exactly be the 500ms.

2. With the fourth packet we receive an HTTP request in the payload. Which is acknowledged and answered with an HTTP response in packet four to seven, which are also delayed by 500ms and thus the total latency for the HTTP request sums up to 1 second.

_Note:_ If you are going to attack containers using network attacks, **all containers in the target's linux network namespace** (e.g. all containers belonging to the same Kubernetes Pod or Replica Set) will be affected. In case you want to target the traffic of a single container in the namespace you can for example use the port parameter to limit the blast radius.

# Parameters

| Parameter            | Description                                                               | Default |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| Network Delay        | How much should the traffic be delayed?                                   | 500ms   |
| Jitter               | Random +-30% jitter to network delay                                      | true    |
| Fail on Host Network | Emit failure when the targeted container is using the host network        | true    |
| Duration             | How long should the traffic be affected?                                  | 30s     |
| Hostname             | Restrict to which hosts the traffic is reduced                            |         |
| IP Address           | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is reduced                       |         |
| Network Interface    | Target Network Interface which should be attacked. All if none specified. |         |
| Ports                | Restrict to which ports the traffic is reduced                            |         |

Commit message:

docs: document 'TCP Data Packets Only' option

actions/com.steadybit.extension_container.network_delay/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction

Inject latency into all matching egress traffic.

# Details

The network delay operates at the ip level and affects single packets (network layer, level 3). Thus, it works for UDP and TCP traffic, and you may encounter HTTP requests that are delayed by a multiple of the specified delay.

In this example the traffic is delayed by 500ms. If you tap the wire (using tcpdump) and feed it into Wireshark it looks like shown in the image above.

1. The first incoming packet initiates the tcp connection and is accepted by the second packet, which is delayed exactly be the 500ms.

2. With the fourth packet we receive an HTTP request in the payload. Which is acknowledged and answered with an HTTP response in packet four to seven, which are also delayed by 500ms and thus the total latency for the HTTP request sums up to 1 second.

_Note:_ If you are going to attack containers using network attacks, **all containers in the target's linux network namespace** (e.g. all containers belonging to the same Kubernetes Pod or Replica Set) will be affected. In case you want to target the traffic of a single container in the namespace you can for example use the port parameter to limit the blast radius.

# Parameters

| Parameter             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                | Default |
|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| Network Delay         | How much should the traffic be delayed?                                                                                                                                                                                    | 500ms   |
| Jitter                | Random +-30% jitter to network delay                                                                                                                                                                                       | true    |
| Fail on Host Network  | Emit failure when the targeted container is using the host network                                                                                                                                                         | true    |
| Duration              | How long should the traffic be affected?                                                                                                                                                                                   | 30s     |
| Hostname              | Restrict to which hosts the traffic is reduced                                                                                                                                                                             |         |
| IP Address            | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is reduced                                                                                                                                                                        |         |
| Network Interface     | Target Network Interface which should be attacked. All if none specified.                                                                                                                                                  |         |
| Ports                 | Restrict to which ports the traffic is reduced                                                                                                                                                                             |         |
| TCP Data Packets Only | `beta` Delay only TCP data packets (PSH flag heuristic). UDP is not delayed. When you observe the actual delay being a multiple of the configured delay, you might choose this option to avoid delaying the TCP handshake. | false   |
