actions/com.steadybit.extension_host_windows.network_bandwidth/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction

Limit the bandwidth of outgoing network traffic.

# Prerequisites

The Extension Windows Host needs to be installed on the target system.

# Use Cases

* Understand your service's performance under load
* Test your service's resilience to network attacks
* Test your service's resilience to decreased bandwidth

# Parameters

**Note**: Without specifying a host or ip restriction, the attack would affect all traffic and may lead to broken communication between the Steadybit agent and platform. Hence, either the hostname or IP parameter is required.


| Parameter         | Description                                                                                  | Default  |
|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| Duration          | How long should the bandwidth be reduced?                                                    | 30s      |
| Network Bandwidth | How much traffic should be allowed per second?                                               | 1024kbit |
| Hostname          | Restrict to which host the traffic is reduced (`Hostname` or `IP Address` is required)       |          |
| IP Address        | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is reduced (`Hostname` or `IP Address` is required) |          |
| Port              | Restrict to which port the traffic is reduced, single entry only                             |          |

Commit message:

chore: document Windows bandwidth attack limitations

actions/com.steadybit.extension_host_windows.network_bandwidth/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction

Limit the bandwidth of outgoing network traffic.

# Prerequisites

The Extension Windows Host needs to be installed on the target system.

# Details

This attack limits the bandwidth of outgoing network connections matching the configured criteria. As a result, the combined bandwidth of multiple parallel connections might exceed the configured limit.

Without specifying a host or ip restriction, the attack would affect all traffic and may lead to broken communication between the Steadybit agent and platform. Hence, either the hostname or IP parameter is required.

# Use Cases

* Understand your service's performance under load
* Test your service's resilience to network attacks
* Test your service's resilience to decreased bandwidth

# Parameters

| Parameter         | Description                                                                                  | Default  |
|-------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| Duration          | How long should the bandwidth be reduced?                                                    | 30s      |
| Network Bandwidth | How much traffic should be allowed per second?                                               | 1024kbit |
| Hostname          | Restrict to which host the traffic is reduced (`Hostname` or `IP Address` is required)       |          |
| IP Address        | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is reduced (`Hostname` or `IP Address` is required) |          |
| Port              | Restrict to which port the traffic is reduced, single entry only                             |          |
