actions/com.steadybit.extension_container.network_package_loss/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction

Cause packet loss for matching outgoing network traffic.

# Details

_Note:_ If you are going to attack containers using network attacks, **all containers in the target's linux network namespace** (e.g. all containers belonging to the same Kubernetes Pod or Replica Set) will be affected. In case you want to target the traffic of a single container in the namespace you can for example use the port parameter to limit the blast radius.


# Use Cases

* Understand how your services behave under specific / flaky network conditions

# Parameters

| Parameter            | Description                                                               | Default |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| Network Loss         | How much percentage of traffic should be lost?                            | 70      |
| Fail on Host Network | Emit failure when the targeted container is using the host network        | true    |
| Duration             | How long should the traffic be affected?                                  | 30s     |
| Hostname             | Restrict to which hosts the traffic is reduced                            |         |
| IP Address           | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is reduced                       |         |
| Network Interface    | Target Network Interface which should be attacked. All if none specified. |         |
| Ports                | Restrict to which ports the traffic is reduced                            |         |

Commit message:

feat: add affected protocols to network attack descriptions

actions/com.steadybit.extension_container.network_package_loss/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction

Cause packet loss for matching outgoing network traffic.

# Details

_Note:_ If you are going to attack containers using network attacks, **all containers in the target's linux network namespace** (e.g. all containers belonging to the same Kubernetes Pod or Replica Set) will be affected. In case you want to target the traffic of a single container in the namespace you can for example use the port parameter to limit the blast radius.

This attack affects network traffic for protocols that use port numbers (e.g., TCP, UDP). Protocols like ICMP, which do not use ports, remain unaffected and will continue to function normally.

# Use Cases

* Understand how your services behave under specific / flaky network conditions

# Parameters

| Parameter            | Description                                                               | Default |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| Network Loss         | How much percentage of traffic should be lost?                            | 70      |
| Fail on Host Network | Emit failure when the targeted container is using the host network        | true    |
| Duration             | How long should the traffic be affected?                                  | 30s     |
| Hostname             | Restrict to which hosts the traffic is reduced                            |         |
| IP Address           | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is reduced                       |         |
| Network Interface    | Target Network Interface which should be attacked. All if none specified. |         |
| Ports                | Restrict to which ports the traffic is reduced                            |         |
