advice/com.steadybit.extension_kubernetes.advice.k8s-probes/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction
Validates whether you have configured liveness and readiness probes for deployments targeted by Kubernetes services. Kubernetes wouldn't be able to route traffic properly without these probes.

# Supported Advice States
## Action Needed
The advice automatically discovers whether all Kubernetes containers that are part of a workload resource targeted by a Kubernetes service, have configured a `readinessProbe` and `livenessProbe`. The discovery is performed by the open-source library [kube-score](https://github.com/zegl/kube-score) and integrated into this advice.

## Validation Needed
Asks you to validate with an automatically created experiment that provided liveness and readiness probes are working as expected. The experiment will block traffic to one container, which should be detected by Kubernetes via the configured liveness probe, causing Kubernetes to restart the container and eventually redirect traffic once it is marked as ready again based on the configured readiness probe.

## Implemented
Once the Kubernetes container's specifications `readinessProbe` and `livenessProbe` are configured and validated with the suggested experiment.

# Disabling Advice
Every advice is automatically active as described in [extension-kubernetes#configuration](https://github.com/steadybit/extension-kubernetes/?tab=readme-ov-file#configuration). You can also activate advice individually, using for this advice, the identifier `com.steadybit.extension_kubernetes.advice.k8s-probes`.

Commit message:

feat: Documenting support for service validation tags in Advice experiment templates

advice/com.steadybit.extension_kubernetes.advice.k8s-probes/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction
Validates whether you have configured liveness and readiness probes for deployments targeted by Kubernetes services. Kubernetes wouldn't be able to route traffic properly without these probes.

# Supported Advice States
## Action Needed
The advice automatically discovers whether all Kubernetes containers that are part of a workload resource targeted by a Kubernetes service, have configured a `readinessProbe` and `livenessProbe`. The discovery is performed by the open-source library [kube-score](https://github.com/zegl/kube-score) and integrated into this advice.

## Validation Needed
Asks you to validate with an automatically created experiment that provided liveness and readiness probes are working as expected.
The experiment will block traffic to one container, which should be detected by Kubernetes via the configured liveness probe, causing Kubernetes to restart the container and eventually redirect traffic once it is marked as ready again based on the configured readiness probe.

By default, the experiment contains a TODO step to add validation logic for your service. We highly recommend resolving this step to facilitate the discussion of whether your service works as expected from a user's point of view.
You can also tag your Kubernetes Deployment with the label `tags.steadybit.com/service-validation` to support different validations:

* `http`: For an HTTP check on a GET endpoint
* `k6`: For running a k6 load test
* `gatling`: For running a Gatling load test
* `jmeter`: For running a JMeter load test

Once you create the experiment, the user is asked to specify the corresponding validation, and Steadybit runs it throughout the experiment.

## Implemented
Once the Kubernetes container's specifications `readinessProbe` and `livenessProbe` are configured and validated with the suggested experiment.

# Disabling Advice
Every advice is automatically active as described in [extension-kubernetes#configuration](https://github.com/steadybit/extension-kubernetes/?tab=readme-ov-file#configuration). You can also activate advice individually, using for this advice, the identifier `com.steadybit.extension_kubernetes.advice.k8s-probes`.
