actions/com.steadybit.extension_host.fill_mem/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction

Allocates a specific amount of memory.

# Usage

Note that this can cause systems to trip the Linux Kernel OOM killer without enough physical or swap Memory.
The operating system may swap out the allocated memory. This attack doesn't take swap memory into account.

In contrast to the [Stress Memory](/action/com.steadybit.extension_host.stress-mem) action, this actions tries to reduce the CPU usage as much as possible.

When using the attack to meet a specific memory usage, it may allocate or free memory to reach the desired memory usage.

> If you specify a usage that exceeds the total memory (e.g. > 100%) it fills up the memory as much as possible until the process is oomkilled, as it's impossible to reach usages higher than 100%.

# Use Cases

* Test the system's ability to handle memory spikes.
* Observe the system's behavior when it runs out of memory.
* Observe the system's behavior when it runs low on memory for file buffers.

# Parameters

| Parameter        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Default                       |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|
| Duration         | How long should memory be wasted?                                                                                                                                                                                                             | 30s                           |
| Mode             | **Fill and meet specified usage:** Fill up the memory until the desired usage is met. Memory allocation will be adjusted constantly to meet the target.<br/> **Fill the specified amount**: Allocate and hold the specified amount of Memory. | Fill and meet specified usage |
| Size             | **Percentage of total memory** or **Megabytes**:                                                                                                                                                                                              | % of total memory             |
| Fail on OOM Kill | Should it be treated as a failure when the `memfill` process was oomkilled?                                                                                                                                                                   | False                         |

Commit message:

clarification for fill memory on the reserved linux kernel memory

actions/com.steadybit.extension_host.fill_mem/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction

Allocates a specific amount of memory.

# Usage

Note that this can cause systems to trip the Linux Kernel OOM killer without enough physical or swap Memory.
The operating system may swap out the allocated memory. This attack doesn't take swap memory into account.

In contrast to the [Stress Memory](/action/com.steadybit.extension_host.stress-mem) action, this actions tries to reduce the CPU usage as much as possible.

When using the attack to meet a specific memory usage, it may allocate or free memory to reach the desired memory usage.

> If you specify a usage that exceeds the total memory (e.g. > 100%) it fills up the memory as much as possible until the process is oom-killed, as it's impossible to reach usages higher than 100%.

> Remember that the Linux kernel reserves parts of the installed physical memory for itself. That means the total memory available to processes in the user space (like this action) is less than the total physical memory installed in the system.

# Use Cases

* Test the system's ability to handle memory spikes.
* Observe the system's behavior when it runs out of memory.
* Observe the system's behavior when it runs low on memory for file buffers.

# Parameters

| Parameter        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   | Default                       |
|------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------|
| Duration         | How long should memory be wasted?                                                                                                                                                                                                             | 30s                           |
| Mode             | **Fill and meet specified usage:** Fill up the memory until the desired usage is met. Memory allocation will be adjusted constantly to meet the target.<br/> **Fill the specified amount**: Allocate and hold the specified amount of Memory. | Fill and meet specified usage |
| Size             | **Percentage of total memory** or **Megabytes**                                                                                                                                                                                               | % of total memory             |
| Fail on OOM Kill | Should it be treated as a failure when the `memfill` process was oomkilled?                                                                                                                                                                   | False                         |
