actions/com.steadybit.extension_postman.collection.run/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction

The Postman Integration can be used to run a Postman collection. You can find the Postman integration in the "Actions" folder in the experiment editor.

# Details

Currently, we are supporting collections, which are hosted and accessible via [Postman's Cloud API service](https://api.getpostman.com/).

We are using [newman](https://github.com/postmanlabs/newman) to run your collection behind the scenes.

# References

- Blog post [Harden Your API by Adding Chaos Engineering to Your Tests](https://blog.postman.com/chaos-engineering-api-testing-postman-steadybit/)

# Parameters

| Name                  | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| --------------------- | -------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Estimated duration    | Yes      | As long as you have no timeout in place, the step will run as long as needed. You can set this estimation to size the step in the experiment editor for a better understanding of the time schedule. |
| API-Key               | Yes      | The API-Key to access your collection, can be created [here](https://learning.postman.com/docs/developer/intro-api/#generating-a-postman-api-key)                                                    |
| Collection Id         | Yes      | The collectionId to run. Find out your collectionId by fetching all collection from the postman api with `https://api.getpostman.com/collections?apikey=$apiKey`                                     |
| Environment Id        | No       | The environmentId to use. Find out your environmentId by fetching all environments from the postman api with `https://api.getpostman.com/environments?apikey=$apiKey`                                |
| Environment Variables | No       | Additional environment variables, will be passed to newman with `--env-var key=value`                                                                                                                |
| Iterations            | No       | Number of iterations to run the collection, will be passed to newman with `-n`                                                                                                                       |
| Timeout               | No       | The timeout of your collection, wil be passed to newman with `--timeout`. Hint: If you hit this timeout, no reports will be generated.                                                               |
| Request Timeout       | No       | The request timeout for each request, wil be passed to newman with `--timeout-request`                                                                                                               |
| Verbose               | No       | Should we enable verbose logging? Will be passed to newman with `--verbose`                                                                                                                          |
| Bail                  | No       | Stops the runner when a test case fails. Will be passed to newman with `--bail`                                                                                                                      |

# Outputs

We are using the reporters `cli`, `json-summary` and `htmlextra`.

You can download the `json-summary` and `htmlextra` -report in the experiment run log after the experiment has finished. We omit the response bodies in the htmlextra-report.

The `cli`-output can be accessed by clicking on the `Action Logs`-tab in the experiment run view and supports a live view during experiment execution.

The step will be marked as failed, if implemented [tests](https://learning.postman.com/docs/writing-scripts/script-references/test-examples/) in the postman collection are failing.

Commit message:

refa: postman extension with discovery

actions/com.steadybit.extension_postman.collection.run/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction

The Postman Integration can be used to run a Postman collection. You can find the Postman integration in the "Checks" folder in the experiment editor.

# Details

Currently, we are supporting collections, which are hosted and accessible via [Postman's Cloud API service](https://api.getpostman.com/).

We are using [newman](https://github.com/postmanlabs/newman) to run your collection behind the scenes.

# References

- Blog post [Harden Your API by Adding Chaos Engineering to Your Tests](https://blog.postman.com/chaos-engineering-api-testing-postman-steadybit/)

# Configuration

To configure the Postman integration, you need to provide an API-Key. This can be created [here](https://learning.postman.com/docs/developer/intro-api/#generating-a-postman-api-key).

# Target

You have to specify the collection to run as target. The collections will be discovered by the extension.

# Parameters

| Name                   | Required | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
|------------------------|----------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Estimated duration     | Yes      | As long as you have no timeout in place, the step will run as long as needed. You can set this estimation to size the step in the experiment editor for a better understanding of the time schedule.                     |
| Environment Id or Name | No       | The environment id or name to use. You can put the environment name here or find out your environment id by fetching all environments from the postman api with `https://api.getpostman.com/environments?apikey=$apiKey` |
| Environment Variables  | No       | Additional environment variables, will be passed to newman with `--env-var key=value`                                                                                                                                    |
| Iterations             | No       | Number of iterations to run the collection, will be passed to newman with `-n`                                                                                                                                           |
| Timeout                | No       | The timeout of your collection, wil be passed to newman with `--timeout`. Hint: If you hit this timeout, no reports will be generated.                                                                                   |
| Request Timeout        | No       | The request timeout for each request, wil be passed to newman with `--timeout-request`                                                                                                                                   |
| Verbose                | No       | Should we enable verbose logging? Will be passed to newman with `--verbose`                                                                                                                                              |
| Bail                   | No       | Stops the runner when a test case fails. Will be passed to newman with `--bail`                                                                                                                                          |

# Outputs

We are using the reporters `cli`, `json-summary` and `htmlextra`.

You can download the `json-summary` and `htmlextra` -report in the experiment run log after the experiment has finished. We omit the response bodies in the htmlextra-report.

The `cli`-output can be accessed by clicking on the `Action Logs`-tab in the experiment run view and supports a live view during experiment execution.

The step will be marked as failed, if implemented [tests](https://learning.postman.com/docs/writing-scripts/script-references/test-examples/) in the postman collection are failing.
