actions/com.steadybit.extension_host.network_package_loss/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction

Cause packet loss for matching outgoing network traffic.

# Prerequisites

If you are not using our container images for the extension, you need install the `tc` (from the iproute2 package) tool to use the attack.

# Use Cases

* Understand how your services behave under specific / flaky network conditions

# Parameters

| Parameter         | Description                                                               | Default |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| Duration          | How long should the traffic be lost?                                      | 30s     |
| Hostname          | Restrict to which hosts the traffic is lost                               |         |
| IP Address        | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is lost                          |         |
| Network Loss      | How much percentage of traffic should be lost?                            | 70      |
| Network Interface | Target Network Interface which should be attacked. All if none specified. |         |
| Port Number       | Restrict to which port number the traffic is delayed                      |         |

Commit message:

feat: add affected protocols to network attack descriptions

actions/com.steadybit.extension_host.network_package_loss/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction

Cause packet loss for matching outgoing network traffic.

# Prerequisites

If you are not using our container images for the extension, you need install the `tc` (from the iproute2 package) tool to use the attack.

# Restrictions

This attack affects network traffic for protocols that use port numbers (e.g., TCP, UDP). Protocols like ICMP, which do not use ports, remain unaffected and will continue to function normally.

# Use Cases

* Understand how your services behave under specific / flaky network conditions

# Parameters

| Parameter         | Description                                                               | Default |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| Duration          | How long should the traffic be lost?                                      | 30s     |
| Hostname          | Restrict to which hosts the traffic is lost                               |         |
| IP Address        | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is lost                          |         |
| Network Loss      | How much percentage of traffic should be lost?                            | 70      |
| Network Interface | Target Network Interface which should be attacked. All if none specified. |         |
| Port Number       | Restrict to which port number the traffic is delayed                      |         |
