actions/com.steadybit.extension_host.network_bandwidth/summary.mdx, before:

# Introduction

Limits bandwidth for all matching egress network traffic.

# Prerequisites

If you are not using our container images for the extension, you need install the `tc` (from the iproute2 package) tool to use the attack.

# Use Cases

* Understand your service's performance under load
* Test your service's resilience to network attacks
* Test your service's resilience to decreased bandwidth

# Parameters

| Parameter         | Description                                                               | Default  |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| Network Bandwidth | How much traffic should be allowed per second?                            | 1024kbit |
| Duration          | How long should the bandwidth be reduced?                                 | 30s      |
| Hostname          | Restrict to which hosts the traffic is reduced                            |          |
| IP Address        | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is reduced                       |          |
| Network Interface | Target Network Interface which should be attacked. All if none specified. |          |
| Ports             | Restrict to which port number the traffic is reduced                      |          |

Commit message:

feat: add affected protocols to network attack descriptions

actions/com.steadybit.extension_host.network_bandwidth/summary.mdx, after:

# Introduction

Limits bandwidth for all matching egress network traffic.

# Prerequisites

If you are not using our container images for the extension, you need install the `tc` (from the iproute2 package) tool to use the attack.

# Restrictions

This attack affects network traffic for protocols that use port numbers (e.g., TCP, UDP). Protocols like ICMP, which do not use ports, remain unaffected and will continue to function normally.

# Use Cases

* Understand your service's performance under load
* Test your service's resilience to network attacks
* Test your service's resilience to decreased bandwidth

# Parameters

| Parameter         | Description                                                               | Default  |
|-------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------|
| Network Bandwidth | How much traffic should be allowed per second?                            | 1024kbit |
| Duration          | How long should the bandwidth be reduced?                                 | 30s      |
| Hostname          | Restrict to which hosts the traffic is reduced                            |          |
| IP Address        | Restrict to which IP address the traffic is reduced                       |          |
| Network Interface | Target Network Interface which should be attacked. All if none specified. |          |
| Ports             | Restrict to which port number the traffic is reduced                      |          |
